unimatrix: add page (#11350)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/unimatrix.md

# unimatrix

> > A script to simulate the Matrix look with Unicode characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Simulate the Matrix look with Unicode characters.
```

> > A script to simulate the "Matrix" look with unicode characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> A script to simulate the Matrix look with Unicode characters.
```

> > See also: `cmatrix`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> See also: `cmatrix`.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/will8211/unimatrix>.

> - Mimic default output of cmatrix (no unicode, works in TTY):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Mimic the default output of cmatrix (no unicode, works in TTY):
```

> `unimarix -n -s 96 -l o`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`unimatrix --no-bold --speed={{96}} --character-list={{o}}`
```

> - Mimic the default output of `cmatrix` (no unicode, works in TTY):
> 
> `unimatrix --no-bold --speed={{96}} --character-list={{o}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mimic the default output of `cmatrix` (no unicode, works in a TTY):

`unimatrix --no-bold --speed {{96}} --character-list {{o}}`
```

Reviewer 3: Does unimatrix not require the equal signs? The documentation only gives examples with equal signs, so I'm not sure about this.

Reviewer: I tested it, `--opt arg` works exactly the same as `--opt=arg`.

- No bold characters, slowly, with emojis, numbers, and a few symbols:

> `unimatrix -n -l ens -s 50`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`unimatrix --no-bold --character-list={{ens}} --speed={{50}}`
```

- Change color or characters:

`unimatrix -c {{COLOR}}`

> - Select chracter set(s) using a string over letter codes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Select character set(s) using a string over letter codes:
```

> `unimatrix -l {{CHARACTER_SET}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`unimatrix --character-list={{CHARACTER_SET}}`
```

- Change scrolling speed:

> `unimatrix -s {{SPEED}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`unimatrix --speed={{SPEED}}`
```

> - Change color or characters:
> 
> `unimatrix -c {{COLOR}}`
> 
> - Select character set(s) using a string over letter codes:
> 
> `unimatrix --character-list={{CHARACTER_SET}}`
> 
> - Change scrolling speed:
> 
> `unimatrix --speed={{SPEED}}`

Reviewer: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#option-syntax

```suggestion
- Change the color of characters:

`unimatrix --color {{red|green|blue|white|...}}`

- Select character set(s) using letter codes (see `unimatrix --help` for available character sets):

`unimatrix --character-list {{character_sets}}`

- Change the scrolling speed:

`unimatrix --speed {{number}}`
```
